[OP | thread=FENWAY LIVING EXPERIENCE AS A FRESHMAN : BostonU | date=2026-02-12 | score=14]
I’ve been living on Fenway, specifically in Peabody, and here’s what you need to know if you got randomly placed here and are slightly confused/disappointed or are considering it for housing: The walk: It’s about a 15 minute walk to CAS, 20 to fitrec, 17 to CDS, 20 to Questrom, it’s not that bad but you do definitely have to plan accordingly The community: Its very chill because it is all freshman and I don’t feel disconnected at all from the community of BU, it’s just annoying when friends live on main campus and you always have to walk but like it’s just part of the experience The dining hall: Fenway dining hall is solid, it’s not like amazing but it’s consistently pretty good and even though the options are limited (especially for breakfast) there’s always something to eat, I especially enjoy the burrito station because it’s always solid. The dining hall building (CCSR), is about a 3 minute walk from Peabody, and it’s convenient because it’s on the way to main campus if you’re going to central/east campus Study spots: Unfortunately, there’s no amazing study spots, CCSR has some couches and a few study rooms/desks but they’re always busy and not my favorite, if I’m doing work at Fenway then I’m usually in my room Fitness: There’s a tiny gym and it gets the job done but it’s nothing amazing but definitely better than nothing, it’s like a really nice and full hotel gym. Personally I run and the riverway being literally across the street is very convenient and it connects to the emerald necklace and the esplanade is very accessible so I can hit some good mileage without too many traffic/crosswalk interruptions, and bonus there’s water fountains along the emerald necklace/esplanade The Peabody experience: I got placed in a suite and my roommate and I’s room is comparatively so much better than our suitemates, and we have a private bathroom. Most rooms are decent size and the layouts are pretty good, it’s kind of just your average college dorm. There is no a/c so make sure you get a fan, but it’s cozy in the winter which is nice. I’ve used the communal bathrooms and they are pretty solid, they are private bathrooms with a toilet shower and sink so it’s a little different than what you’d expect from a communal bathroom. There’s NICE kitchens on every floor, so if able definitely take advantage of it. The big positives: The big Fenway Target is like a 7 minute walk. There’s hella restaurants nearby. You feel like you escape BU a little bit with Fenway being away from main which i personally enjoy because it’s easier to separate school mindset to relaxation mindset. Hot take: I enjoy the walk, I like listening to music and just being able to wake up while walking to class, and I enjoy the walk home as it gives me a good break from school. Fenway dining hall. The big negatives: The closest T stops are longwood/Fenway (d line) each about a 5 minute walk, and St Mary’s (c line) about a 9 minute walk, and having to switch at kenmore (it’s honestly just more time efficient to walk to main campus, I ABUSE the b line on comm ave tho). The walk. The distance. The having to plan out your commute anywhere. Separation from main campus amenities like the fitrec, library, and other dining hall choices. Overall, I’ve really enjoyed living in Fenway campus and especially Peabody, I was hella disappointed getting placed here but I honestly think it’s one of the best experiences I’ve had and it made my freshman year memorable and fun! Feel free to reach out with any questions TLDR; not good but not bad, walk is definitely annoying but dorms are solid and dining hall is good, accessible to a lot of places.

[REPLY | thread=FENWAY LIVING EXPERIENCE AS A FRESHMAN : BostonU | date=2026-02-12 | score=6 | depth=0]
i can speak for (162) riverway house experience! the amendities are top-tier and one of the best dorms on fenway. a/c + heating, the building is very clean, one stall bathrooms (that are cleaned daily), dining hall is ok but its fresh food. nearby so many stores (target, star market, starbucks, etc) atmosphere is quiet most of the time b/c we're separated from main campus but i enjoy that a lot.

[REPLY | thread=FENWAY LIVING EXPERIENCE AS A FRESHMAN : BostonU | date=2026-02-14 | score=2 | depth=0]
I lived on Fenway last year. one thing people I never saw ppl mention was getting to West. I had to go there 5x a week so I'd actually take the slightly longer walk through Brookline. for me this was so much more enjoyable than taking park to comm ave because there was less wind since you're not on the main roads. anyone on Fenway, please take advantage of having to walking through areas that aren't a strip of concrete. I have CFA friends who lives in West, and they mentioned multiple times that walking. that same few blocks of concrete daily made their mental health worse. taking the longer routes and exploring Brookline was probably one of the best parts of freshman year because I got out and saw some nature which helps immensely when you start getting bogged down with classes. not to mention there's a few different routes you can choose from so it also can break the monotony.
