# Source URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/BostonU/comments/1t8s6yp/my_rankingadvice_for_freshman_housing/

[OP | thread=My ranking/advice for freshman housing : BostonU | date=2026-05-10 | score=20]
Hi yall i just finished my freshman year at BU so i wanted to share my experience, specifically with housing to help the incoming freshman choose where they want to live! for context im a girl and lived in warren tower B in a corner double. warren: warren is in a great location its close to all the academic buildings and its relatively easy to go in and out of throughout the day. the only thing to keep in mind is that sometimes there's lines for the elevators so you might have to wait. i dont know what tower A looks like inside but i assume it will be very nice and it is for freshman only and from what i heard all rooms have AC and there are individual private bathrooms on each floor. tower b will be under construction for the next school year. tower c isnt renovated yet so there is no AC and theres still communal bathrooms. its suoer convienent to have the dining hall right undernearth espically on snow days however i would say warren is the worst dining hall. the quality is fine but they change the menu only like every week so you get tired of the food easily. west: if i could change things i would've roomed in west campus. theres claflin, sleeper, and rich hall. claflin and sleeper are attached to the west dining hall which i would say is the best dining hall out of marcis, warren, and west. (my ranking best to last is fenway, west, marcis, warren) although west campus may seem far from central campus, it really isnt. its an easy straightforward walk and about 18 min walk from warren. its also close to fitrec whch is really nice. west is known for housing all the athletes but theres also a bunch of non athlete students there too. i like the greenery and separation west has because it felt suffocating at times living in warren because i felt like i could never escape campus. west is also near allston which has a plethora of great asian food. its near the bu bus, regular bus, and T so its really easy to get anywhere. fenway: from what i've hear fenway is now only for freshman. i have limited knowledge about fenway however all the dorms seem really nice i know some of them have ac. fenway dining hall is small but the food is so good. its actually well seasoned and the employees are so nice. aldo their soft serve ice cream is the best it tastes like ritas. fenway is farther from campus and the friends i knew that lived there said its hard to go back in the middle of the day so they would just stay on campus all day. there is a fenway bus and its possible to get over to main campus through T however you would need to make a transfer at kenmore. overall fenwayt dorms and food seem very nice however its a bit far from main campus so that is definitely something to keep in mind. i dont know if bu plans on keeping fenway freshman only indefinitely because then that might mean fenway freshman will get a good housing number for sohphore housing since they cant do same room or internal selection. danielson: danielson is lowkey musty and old and a 10 min walk from marcis it is the farthest building on the east side of campus. however the rooms are big and my friend's had a walk in closet but im not sure if all rooms have one. also there are individual private bathrooms. it is extremely close to newbury street so super convient to go downtown. also the closest T is kenmore which is a bit of a walk and its underground so you have to pay kilachand: great location right near marcis and central campus. i havent personally seen the dorms however im pretty sure they have ac and private bathrooms. and you dont have to be in the honors college to live there hojo: i havent seen a room however most are triples and doubles are hard to come by. personally im not the biggest fan of the vibes of hojo it feels like a creepy musty old hotel however it has a great location in central campus bay state road brownstones: each brownstone is different however from the ones ive seen they are oftentimes very spacious. its hard with housing as a freshman becaudse you dont know where on bay state you will be because it goes pretty far down. towers: solid option good location and is on baystate road so more peaceful and quiet than warren on comm ave. typical dorm set up beds are lofted note on brownstones: there are also brownstones on beacon street all the way down near danielson too. most dont have elevators and can go multiple floors up so it can be difficult moving in and out south campus: the brownstones there such as on buswell are nice and spacious. some of them have their own bathrooms too. there are south campus dorms too and some of them are super crammed like the room looks like it should be a double but its a triple also note on stuvi: lowkey its like nepotism. your best bet to get into stuvi especially as a sophomore is to have someone pull you in. and then the cycle continues so its like a nepotism game where upperclassman pull in their friends. 1019 comm ave: suite sttyle i think and overall seems nice and is a bit far at the edge of west campus however its near the babcock T and the other west dorms overall ranking: bay state brownstone, kilachand, south campus, west, hojo, fenway, towers, warren

[REPLY | thread=My ranking/advice for freshman housing : BostonU | date=2026-05-10 | score=3 | depth=0]
Love how detailed this is honestly

[REPLY | thread=My ranking/advice for freshman housing : BostonU | date=2026-05-10 | score=2 | depth=0]
Waiting for his review of the west dining hall. We did a campus tour a few weeks ago with my daughter and ended up there for lunch. I found it to have a nice variety of cuisines and what I ordered was tasty. That whole west area seemed a little remote from the rest of campus but that can also be a good thing to have some separation. And if you’re athletically inclined that seems to be the place to be.

[REPLY | thread=My ranking/advice for freshman housing : BostonU | date=2026-05-10 | score=2 | depth=1]
just updated! yes west might feel a little far from main campus however in an urban environment it might be nice to be in a quieter area. however the west dorms are close to nickerson field where the marching band practices so you oftentimes hear them. also ive heard people complain that cars will rev very loudly down comm ave near the west dorms. its super easy to get anywhere living at west since the bu bus stops right near it and theres also the t stop and bus stops
